README.md, before:

# elyra-plotly-notebook

This is a Template for any Python based project, it contains what Project Thoth and the AI CoE need:

1. GitHub defaults and Templates for issues.
2. Configuration for Coala and Black (code formating) are done using [`prow`](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/prow) with `pre-commit` and `mypy`.
3. Zuul is no longer supported. Instead [AICOE-CI](https://github.com/AICoE/aicoe-ci) is used for basic configuration.
4. We have a public service configuration now accessible for everyone.
5. If you are writing a Python module, [Kebechet](https://github.com/marketplace/khebhut) could manage the releases of your packages for you.
6. If credentials are provided, Python module releases could be published to [`PyPI`](https://pypi.org/) by [Kebechet](https://github.com/marketplace/khebhut).

Dependencies should be managed using `pipenv` (`Pipfile`, and the `Pipfile.lock` could be created by `thamos advise`), `pip3` and a `requirements.txt` files could be used.

Commit message:

docs: Important OS-Climate project announcement
Signed-off-by: Matthew Watkins <mwatkins@linuxfoundation.org>

README.md, after:


> [!IMPORTANT]
> On June 26 2024, Linux Foundation announced the merger of its financial services umbrella, the Fintech Open Source Foundation ([FINOS](https://finos.org)), with OS-Climate, an open source community dedicated to building data technologies, modeling, and analytic tools that will drive global capital flows into climate change mitigation and resilience; OS-Climate projects are in the process of transitioning to the [FINOS governance framework](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance); read more on [finos.org/press/finos-join-forces-os-open-source-climate-sustainability-esg](https://finos.org/press/finos-join-forces-os-open-source-climate-sustainability-esg)

# elyra-plotly-notebook

This is a Template for any Python based project, it contains what Project Thoth and the AI CoE need:

1. GitHub defaults and Templates for issues.
2. Configuration for Coala and Black (code formating) are done using [`prow`](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/prow) with `pre-commit` and `mypy`.
3. Zuul is no longer supported. Instead [AICOE-CI](https://github.com/AICoE/aicoe-ci) is used for basic configuration.
4. We have a public service configuration now accessible for everyone.
5. If you are writing a Python module, [Kebechet](https://github.com/marketplace/khebhut) could manage the releases of your packages for you.
6. If credentials are provided, Python module releases could be published to [`PyPI`](https://pypi.org/) by [Kebechet](https://github.com/marketplace/khebhut).

Dependencies should be managed using `pipenv` (`Pipfile`, and the `Pipfile.lock` could be created by `thamos advise`), `pip3` and a `requirements.txt` files could be used.
